ESR - LaTeX package
===================

This LaTeX package gives you the possibility to print an inpayment slip with
reference number as it is used in Switzerland and Switzerland only. The correct
term is ESR ('Einzahlungsschein mit Referenznummer') and often referred to as
'Oranger Einzahlungsschein'. The package features a low level positioning style
file as well as a user level style file that formats the fields accoding to
specifications, does the checksum calculation (something TeX is not really the
prefect language for), as well as the possibility to preset some of the more
static fields in a configuration file.

Disclaimer
----------

The use of this package is not for everybody! It's about money transfers, and
(especially Swiss) people and companies do not joke about that. In accordance
to the copyright notice of this package, I cannot be hold reliable for any
damage whatsoever (incl. financial ruin) that occurred because of the use of
this package.

Before being allowed to print ESR's you need to be registered by your financial
institute. This might include proof prints, special printer requirements, etc..
They will provide you the numbers and names that need to be printed on the ESR.

Contact
-------

Author: Christian Luginbühl <dinkel@pimprecords.com>
Home:   <http://github.com/dinkel/latex-esr>

Dependencies
------------

The low level style file 'esrpos.sty' requires the 'textpos' package that
usually is already installed on your LaTeX enabled computer (otherwise grab it
at CTAN) as well as the OCR-B font designed by Adam Frutiger (in this package
referred to with 'fob') and 'Adobe Helvetica' font (referred to with 'phv').
The latter font is pretty standard and not obligatorily needed as the
specifications don't explicitely tell what font to use, however I chose to use
this font out of aestetical reasons. You can change this is the esrpos.sty file
if needed. The former font is obligatory to be used in one field (here its used
in three) and unfortunately is not included in a standard distribution. On CTAN
you will find the Metafont files of this font with an unclear copyright notice.
The author claims that he created the font directly out of a DIN standard so I
think there should be no restrictions in the use of this font.

The 'esr.sty' file has no direct dependencies except the 'esrpos' package.

Installation
------------

Just extract the package and run 'latex esr.ins' then copy the generated files
in a folder where LaTeX finds them. Run 'texhash' or whatever command recreates
the file database and you are ready to go.

Documentation
-------------

The documentation can either be downloaded separately or created running LaTeX
on the 'esr.dtx' file (something like 'pdflatex esr.dtx').

License
-------

See the LICENSE file.

Todo
----

There are more types of formats and uses (epsecally hanlding Euros as the
currency) than currently supported by this package. As I currently have no need
for this functionality, this is not implemented yet, although it shouldn't be
hard to do.

Comments / Bugs
---------------

I'm eager to hear your comments about this piece of software. Also if you find
a bug or thought of an enhancment, please use GitHubs bugtracking system. This
packages home is stated above.
